Top Priority changes :- 
    1. Create separate development and demo environment.
    2. Payment - context is not defined error.   
    3. Database backup plan.

Top Priority Bugs/Defects :-
    1. Avoid unnecessary api calls on login and any other page call.
    2. Bulk Attendance not working for marking single attendance.
    3. On adding user, all the user permission related to that user's role will be automatically created.


BUGS/DEFECTs:-
    1. Paid / Free Courses :- we should have more data for the courses (sample-question file and the links we provide there for notes and sample-question file).
    --  Sample Questions File needs to be replaced with videos. And the links are not working.
    
    2. The site should not allow to login or access any page of the application by directly typing the url in the browser (not asking 
        to login).

    3. If anyone login using there login credentials, and in between admin deletes that users account, then the user should login at that point and user should redirect to login page.    

    4. In Angspl.com VAT should be removed in pricing.
    5. Online Exams :-
      a. submit button or next button should be separated,
      b. attempted or unattempted questions stats along with the quiz exam.
      c. Daily exam updates for students (like if a class 10th student have 2 exams same day then he/she should be notify through a           notification/ update on the dashboard/quid-data module),
      d. only courses which have quizzes should appear/ present in the course lookup.


Design Changes: 
    1. Print Admission :- While printing admission form, the background page needs to edit/remove.
    2. Question-options :- later we need to apply functionality on the search bar that we can search the options bases on the Question    text or quiz name.
    3. Profile / Edit-profile / change password should be at common place for all the dashboards.
    4. Login page should be divided into half and in rest half we'll display about company something.
    5. Start using adhyayan.school and adhyayan.college for respective demo environment.


New Requirement:
    1. There should be a switch language button, by which any-one can switch the language of the web application (English <> Hindi)
    3. Create module for Image Gallery. Or implement dynamic functionality for image uploads
    4. Create account on facebook, Linkedin
    5. Quiz data also have a rank , which ranks multiple students based on their performance in quiz. 
    6. Online exam can also have a Mobile Application. Also check the scope how to schedule exam (on given date or time).
    7. Mobile App Development for all the modules.